This is a brief summary of what you can find in these codes. Basically, they cover four topics from my Bachelor's Thesis (https://digibuo.uniovi.es/dspace/handle/10651/72839?show=full&locale-attribute=en):

  1. Numerical Simulation of Armchair and Zigzag Graphene Nanoribbons (Energias_Ribbons_Armchair.py & Energias_Ribbons_Zigzag.py). These codes solve the Tight-Binding Hamiltonian of these systems and plot their Energy Bands.
  2. Plots of the Analytical Solutions to the SSH model and Finite-Length Graphene Nanoribbons (Autoestadosk_SSH_CeldaCerrada.py, Autoestados_SSH_CeldaAbierta.py & Autoestadosk_Ribbons_Finitos.py). These files contain the representations of the analytical solutions to the Tight-Binding Models of these systems. Additionally, they contain plots of their energy band structures and the calculation of permitted k (wavevectors).
  3.  Numerical Simulation of Finite-Length Graphene Nanoribbons including perturbations (Perturbaciones_Ribbon_Finitos.py). In this code, I solve numerically the Tight-Binding Hamiltonian of this system and plot its eigenstates and eigenvalues. Firstly, this is done for an unperturbed ribbon to check if the solution matches the analytical solution. Next, I introduce perturbations, adding Gaussian noise to the hopping integrals of the dangling carbon atoms and then to the on-site energies. This is done to check the robustness of the edge states that appear for the unperturbed system. One can theoretically check that they have topological protection against the first kind of perturbation but not the second one. This can be viewed in the plots of the program, where I plot the charge distribution for each of these cases.
  4.   Numerical Simulation of the SSH model (Perturbaciones_SSH_CeldaCerrada.py). I solve the SSH Hamiltonian numerically and introduce the same kind of perturbations as in the Finite-Length Nanoribbons. Theory predicts that the edge states of the SSH chain hold the same kind of topological protection as those from Finite-Length Graphene Nanoribbons. This is seen in the plots of their charge distribution.

